Bitzy adds basic pre-hardmode gear based off of a game I made called... Bitzy. Bosses, Armor, Wings, Tools, and Weapons, are added into the game with this mod.

The main focus of this mod, is Quality over Quantity, meaning I would rather spend a day tweaking an exsisting item, rather than just addding more.

This mod (so far) adds:
	 1 Boss
	 16 Items
	 3 Weapons
	 1 Armor Set w/ 2 Helmet Types
	 2 Tools
	 1 Wing
	 1 Consumable
	 1 Hook

The Itch Site for Bitzy (The Original Game): https://vincentjenei.itch.io/bitzy

Github Repo: https://github.com/SuperBrainBro/BitzyMod

Mod By:
Vincent Jenei (Lite#4211)

ChangeLog:

v1.0.1.1:
Upgraded csproj.

v1.0.1:
Added a few other things.
Im ending development of this mod, since there is nothing else I can port from my game Bitzy into Terraria.
I am also starting development of a new mod - Elemental Hearts!
It was fun learning how to make mods. Special thanks to direwolf420 (He such a great help on the TModLoader Discord)
I hope you enjoyed the mod!

v0.11:
Added Glitzy, a light pet.
	Can be crafted by 10 Bitzy Souls and a Blinkroot.
Nerfed Most Bitzy Gear.

v0.10:
Added Bitzy Hearts. Bitzy Hearts are similar to life crytals. Bitzy Hearts give the player 2 health each, and up to 20 can be consumed.
Added Bitzy Fez, a summon variant of the Bitzy Armor.
Nerfed Bitzy Armor a lot.
Changed rarity of all Bitzy items to blue (previously orange).
Fixed the sell price of many items.

v0.9.5
Bitzy boss now has custom music and sound effects.
Fixed a few bugs with the Bitzy boss AI.
Minor changes to the Bitzy Gun.

v0.9:
Bitzy now has multiple phases.
	He enters phase 2 when under 75% health:
		Bitzy shoots projectiles.
		Bitzy moves much faster.

v0.8:
New Boss - Bitzy (Who would have guessed? XD)
	 Acts simular to King Slime, but with double the defence.
	 Spawns ~100 blocks above the player.
	 Can't teleport.
	 Drops 25 - 45 Bitzy Souls.
Summon item for Bitzy
	 Named Bitzy Beacon
Many more changes to items, in order to keep the game more balanced.
I am going to focus a bit more on the wiki, but would love if anyone can help out. Speaking of which, message me on Discord Lite#4211 if you have ideas or can help in anyway.
Thanks for 1000+ downloads!

v0.7.1:
Fixed a few bugs.
Nerfed a few items.
Changed description of a few items.

v0.7:
Rewrote all the item recipes, as they were inconsistent. (Now all weapons, armor, and tools are crafted at the solidifier, meaning they are post king-slime)
Bitzy souls now drop from all pre-hardmode slimes, including the ones spawned by King Slime.
Since one of the goals of this mod was quality over quantity, I didnt add too much in this update, but instead made minor improvements to all existing items.
In order to make sure the pre-hardmode gear was as ballanced as I wanted it, I was able to defeat skeletron, eye of cthulu, and wall of flesh using the Bitzy armor set. As well as the Bitzy gun and Bitzy Missile.

v0.6:
Added basic Bitzy tools - Bitzy Hamaxe & Bitzy Pickaxe
Added Bitzy Sword, a long sword with high damage and slow use time.
Lots of bug fixes.
Added particles for many weapons.
Added Bitzy Hook, a hook with stats simular to the Emerald hook, but you can have two at a time.
Nerfed the Bitzy Armor and Bitzy Missile, because they were very powerful. (The Bitzy Missile is still really good at night though.)
Lots of other minor improvements to all items.

v0.5:
Reworked the Bitzy Gun, it now has simular stats to the phoenix blaster, although it shoots slower and its bullets home in on enemies.
Removed the need for money when crafting Bitzy Souls, as it was very unintuitive.
Added the Bitzy Missile - A magic weapon simular to the magic missile in how it shoots missiles which follow the mouse. This weapon is crafted with Bitzy souls, iron bars, and a single diamond. This weapon has simular base stats to the flamelash, although it recieves buffs at night and nerfs at day. It also has a higher light radius, which means it can be a great on-the-go light source. It also has a very high mana cost, at 20 mana per use.
A massive bug making the Bitzy Gun unusable has now been fixed.
Fixed a texture bug with the Bitzy Gun.
The Bitzy Gun is mostly finalized at this point, but may recieve changes as needed.

v0.4:
Added the Bitzy Gun - A ranged weapon which shoots Bitzy Bullets. These bullets home in on enemies, simular to chlorophyte bullets.
The Bitzy Gun is stil a WIP weapon, and will recieve many changes in the future.

v0.3:
Added Bitzy Souls, which are used to craft the Bitzy Armor. These are obtainable post King-Slime.
Added a sprite for Bitzy Soul.
The armor and wings are craftable with Bitzy Souls.
Buffed Wings a bit, but are still really bad considering they are pre-hardmode.
Armor now has simular stats to crimson armor, with a few benefits.

v0.2:
The first version published. Adds many of the items. Only the wings are obtainable at this point.


